Add migration notice to README (#112)
gradle/develocity-bamboo-plugin: README.adoc

= Develocity Bamboo plugin

> == Migration Notice
> 
> As of version 1.3.0, the plugin contains renaming from Gradle Enterprise to Develocity. However, it was still available under the same maven coordinates.
> Version 2.0.0 updates that to `com.gradle.develocity:develocity-bamboo-plugin`. It also contains several internal changes that make it backwards incompatible with 1.3.0.
> 
> Additionally, starting from 2.0.0, the plugin is no longer available via https://marketplace.atlassian.com/apps/1230500/develocity-plugin-for-bamboo[Atlassian Marketplace] due to
> https://www.atlassian.com/migration/assess/journey-to-cloud[Atlassian's migration to the Cloud].
> 
> To upgrade from 1.3.0 to 2.0.0, one needs to do the following:
> 
> 1. Take note of the current configuration settings as after upgrade is done, the plugin would need to be configured again.
> 2. Uninstall the app via `Manage Apps` section in Bamboo Administration page.
> 3. Install the new version as mentioned https://confluence.atlassian.com/bamboo/installing-a-plugin-289277265.html[here].
> 4. Configure the plugin again using the configuration settings from step (1).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Migration Notice

As of version `1.3.0`, the plugin contains the renaming from Gradle Enterprise to Develocity. However, it was still available under the same Maven coordinates.
Version `2.0.0` updates that to `com.gradle.develocity:develocity-bamboo-plugin`. It also contains several internal changes that make it backward incompatible with `1.3.0`.

Additionally, starting from `2.0.0`, the plugin is no longer available via https://marketplace.atlassian.com/apps/1230500/develocity-plugin-for-bamboo[Atlassian Marketplace] due to
https://www.atlassian.com/migration/assess/journey-to-cloud[Atlassian's migration to the Cloud].

To upgrade from `1.3.0` to `2.0.0` follow these steps:

1. Take note of the current configuration settings, as after the upgrade, the plugin will need to be configured again.
2. Uninstall the app via the `Manage Apps` section on the Bamboo Administration page.
3. Install the new version as mentioned https://confluence.atlassian.com/bamboo/installing-a-plugin-289277265.html[here].
4. Configure the plugin again using the configuration settings from step #1.

```

== Installation

> The plugin can be manually installed as mentioned in https://confluence.atlassian.com/bamboo/installing-a-plugin-289277265.html[Uploading your own plugin] section. The released JARs can be found in the Releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin can be manually installed as mentioned in https://confluence.atlassian.com/bamboo/installing-a-plugin-289277265.html[Uploading your own plugin] section. The released JARs can be found at https://github.com/gradle/develocity-bamboo-plugin/releases[Releases].
```
